# Econometric-model-of-tourism-demand-in-BiH
Using econometrics tools and theory to make a model of tourism  demand.
By tourism we mean the definition of the World Tourism Agency (UNWTO, 1999), which is that tourism includes all activities arising from travel and stay of persons outside their usual environment for not more than one year for leisure, business travel and other reasons unrelated to activities received any compensation in the place they visit. Tourism is one of the most important branches of the economy in many countries around the world.
In Bosnia and Herzegovina in recent years there is a trend of increasing the number of tourists visiting our country. The goals we want to achieve by working on this topic is to determine a model that would consistently and statistically significantly describe the expected number of tourists in our country.
The second goal is to determine which are the statistically significant determinants that affect the expected number of tourists, to determine which are the independent variables that do not affect the expected number of tourists. In trying to determine the model of tourism demand in Bosnia and Herzegovina to determine the initial independent variables and control variables, we will use the relevant literature.
Based on the literature, we will base the initial independent variables, and later, based on data and statistical analyzes, we will decide which variables to keep in the model and which to reject. When specifying the model, we will pay special attention to BiH, ie. we will base the model on variables that are characteristic and country-specific.
From the project and model determination, we expect to form a model that will impartially and efficiently predict the expected number of tourists in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Information on expected tourists would be important at the state level because it would be able to create an adequate economic policy at the industry level based on the expected number of tourists.
